[Music]
her son is a journalist right
yes yes very Xena
[Music]
we just got word and he's been kidnapped
in Syria they reached out that means my
son is still alive it's illegal to pay
ransom and you won't risk sending your
people in to help what are you gonna do
that information is classified
do you think I'm afraid of a jail
sentence
everyone who assists you you'll send
them to jail I know the government won't
help you but there is someone else I'm
here because I want to bring you indy
home we have our own Network there is
only one thing these respond to
and it's money you can't expect me to
raise twenty million dollars we can
connect you with people to the safe
return of your son the money that we've
raised is going through 15 of our
friends who are going to drive it to the
drop-off point you have to deal with the
consequences of your decision
so do you scrape together enough money
to spread around some Middle Eastern
bribery Network you just decide to
swallow the awful thought that maybe you
could have done something more it's been
three months maybe I should take things
into my own hands be careful with that
and we need to buy a little more time
you need to go public and we need to do
it now the owner of the Hawks he wants
to speak to you personally
he gave us $800,000
please don't hurt my son
[Music]